---
layout: post
title: Google African Developer Scholarship Program - ATBU Bauchi 2018
date:   2018-05-01 15:37:41 -0700
category: jekyll update
image: assets/images/3d-image.jpg
---

# Google African Developer Scholarship Program at ATBU Bauchi, 2018.

In 2018, I had the privilege of participating in the Google African Developer Scholarship program organized by Google at Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University in Bauchi. This program provided a remarkable opportunity for participants to dive into technical learning and understand the significance of establishing a strong online presence.

## Program Highlights

### The Importance of Being Online

During the program, a crucial lesson we learned was the value of maintaining an impactful online presence. We delved into topics such as personal branding, crafting online portfolios, and leveraging social media for networking and visibility.

### Technical Learning

The program covered a diverse range of technical subjects:

- **Android Development:** We delved into the world of Android app development, exploring UI/UX design, coding practices, and the process of deploying apps.
  
- **Web Development:** Web technologies including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript were at the forefront, enabling us to build interactive and visually appealing websites.

## Collaborative Learning Environment

A standout feature of the program was the collaborative atmosphere it fostered. We engaged in hands-on projects, coding challenges, and embraced peer-to-peer learning, allowing us to grow collectively as developers.

## Mentorship and Industry Insights

The guidance provided by experienced mentors and industry professionals was invaluable. Interacting with these experts gave us unique insights into real-world scenarios, helping us bridge the gap between theory and practice.

## Conclusion

The Google African Developer Scholarship program at Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University, Bauchi, in 2018, was an exceptional journey that left an indelible mark on all participants. Equipped with new technical skills and a profound understanding of the importance of a strong online presence, we are better prepared to contribute to the tech world.

For more details about the Google African Developer Scholarship program, visit the [official Google Africa Developers website](https://developers.google.com/africa/).
