---
layout: post
title:  AI Invasion Program at Sabon Gari Primary School, Potiskum
date:   2022-04-27
categories: Tech
feed-type: Tech
permalink: blog-Tech/_posts/2022-04-28-tech2
image: assets/images/3d-image3.jpg
---

# AI Invasion Program at Yagari Primary School, Potiskum

In 2022, I had the privilege of being a tutor in the AI Invasion program organized by Data Science Nigeria. The program was designed to introduce the community to the realms of Artificial Intelligence (AI), Data Science, and Machine Learning. The program took place at Potiskum, located in Sabon Gari Primary School Potiskum, Yobe State.

## Program Overview

The AI Invasion program was a transformative initiative that aimed to democratize knowledge in emerging technologies, specifically focusing on AI, Data Science, and Machine Learning. This program was an opportunity to bridge the technological gap and empower the community with essential skills that are becoming increasingly relevant in today's world.

## Participants' Learning Journey

Throughout the one-week program, participants engaged in a comprehensive curriculum that covered the fundamentals of AI and Data Science. As a tutor, I had the privilege of guiding the participants through their learning journey. We discussed the basics of AI, explored real-world applications of AI and Machine Learning, and delved into the tools and technologies that underpin these fields.

## Skills and Knowledge Transfer

One of the primary objectives of the program was to equip participants with the foundational skills needed to embark on their journey in AI and Data Science. I facilitated sessions on getting started, helping participants understand the core concepts, and providing guidance on the skills and resources required to dive deeper into these domains.

## Community Engagement

The program's location at Yagari Primary School in Sabon Potiskum, Yobe State, was chosen to extend the benefits of technology education to underserved communities. It was heartening to witness the enthusiasm of the participants and their eagerness to learn about AI and Data Science, despite their limited exposure to such technologies.

## Conclusion

The AI Invasion program at Yagari Primary School, Potiskum, in 2022, was a remarkable experience. It showcased the power of education and technology to transform communities. As a tutor, I witnessed firsthand the impact of knowledge transfer and the potential for technology to drive positive change. This program marked a significant step toward fostering a more technologically inclusive society.

For more information about Data Science Nigeria and their initiatives, please visit their [official website](https://www.datasciencenigeria.org/).
